rubric.md, before:

# Relevant Rubric Pointers
## Basic Requirements

TODO

## Technology

### Dependency Injection

The client and server both use DI everywhere. Examples:

Client: [ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl](/client/src/main/java/client/scenes/ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl.java)

Server: [EventController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/EventController.java)

**Example of binding external types**:
External type used in [AdminPasswordService](/server/src/main/java/server/api/AdminPasswordService.java), 
bound by [RandomConfig](/server/src/main/java/server/config/RandomConfig.java)

### Spring Boot

@Controller: [LPController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/LPController.java)

@RestController: [ExpenseController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ExpenseController.java)

Repository: [ExpenseRepository](/server/src/main/java/server/database/ExpenseRepository.java)

@Services: [ParticipantService](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ParticipantService.java)

### JavaFX

Images: [EventScreenCtrl](/client/src/main/java/client/scenes/EventScreenCtrl.java)

Dependency Injection: Client: [ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl](/client/src/main/java/client/scenes/ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl.java)

### Communication

#### REST Requests

Server: [ExpenseController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ExpenseController.java) (and of course all the other Controllers that don't use WebSockets or Long Polling)

Client (using Jersey): [ServerUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/ServerUtils.java) (used for one-time GET requests and all POST and PUT)

#### Long Polling

Server: [LPController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/LPController.java)

Client (using Jersey): [LPUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/LPUtils.java), which is called in [AppStateManager](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/AppStateManager.java) (used for updating event names in the startup screen)

#### WebSockets

Server: [WebSocketService](/server/src/main/java/server/websockets/WebSocketService.java)

Client (using Stomp): [WebSocketUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/WebSocketUtils.java), which is called in [AppStateManager](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/AppStateManager.java) (used for updating event data in any part of the client where one single event is opened, such as an event's overview)

### Data Transfer

Used implicitly everywhere in the client that deals with connections: in [ServerUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/ServerUtils.java), [LPUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/LPUtils.java), and [WebSocketUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/WebSocketUtils.java), and in the entire server, e.g. [ExpenseController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ExpenseController.java)

## Testing

### Unit Testing

Configurable Subclass: [TestEventRepository](/server/src/test/java/server/api/TestEventRepository.java)

Mockito: [SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest](/client/src/test/java/client/scenes/SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest.java)

### Indirection

[SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest](/client/src/test/java/client/scenes/SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest.java), [EventControllerTest](/server/src/test/java/server/api/EventControllerTest.java)

### Endpoint Testing

[ParticipantControllerTest](/server/src/test/java/server/api/ParticipantControllerTest.java), [EventControllerTest](/server/src/test/java/server/api/EventControllerTest.java)

## Live Language Switch

## Detailed Expenses

## Open Debts

## Statistics

## Email Notification

## HCI

### Keyboard Shortcuts

### Keyboard Navigation

### Error Messages

### Informative Feedback

### Confirmation for Key Actions

Commit message:

Filled in Open Debts rubric

rubric.md, after:

# Relevant Rubric Pointers
## Basic Requirements

**TODO**

## Technology

### Dependency Injection

The client and server both use DI everywhere. Examples:

Client: [ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl](/client/src/main/java/client/scenes/ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl.java)

Server: [EventController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/EventController.java)

**Example of binding external types**:
External type used in [AdminPasswordService](/server/src/main/java/server/api/AdminPasswordService.java), 
bound by [RandomConfig](/server/src/main/java/server/config/RandomConfig.java)

### Spring Boot

@Controller: [LPController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/LPController.java)

@RestController: [ExpenseController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ExpenseController.java)

Repository: [ExpenseRepository](/server/src/main/java/server/database/ExpenseRepository.java)

@Services: [ParticipantService](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ParticipantService.java)

### JavaFX

Images: [EventScreenCtrl](/client/src/main/java/client/scenes/EventScreenCtrl.java)

Dependency Injection: Client: [ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl](/client/src/main/java/client/scenes/ManagementOverviewScreenCtrl.java)

### Communication

#### REST Requests

Server: [ExpenseController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ExpenseController.java) (and of course all the other Controllers that don't use WebSockets or Long Polling)

Client (using Jersey): [ServerUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/ServerUtils.java) (used for one-time GET requests and all POST and PUT)

#### Long Polling

Server: [LPController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/LPController.java)

Client (using Jersey): [LPUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/LPUtils.java), which is called in [AppStateManager](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/AppStateManager.java) (used for updating event names in the startup screen)

#### WebSockets

Server: [WebSocketService](/server/src/main/java/server/websockets/WebSocketService.java)

Client (using Stomp): [WebSocketUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/WebSocketUtils.java), which is called in [AppStateManager](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/AppStateManager.java) (used for updating event data in any part of the client where one single event is opened, such as an event's overview)

### Data Transfer

Used implicitly everywhere in the client that deals with connections: in [ServerUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/ServerUtils.java), [LPUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/LPUtils.java), and [WebSocketUtils](/client/src/main/java/client/utils/WebSocketUtils.java), and in the entire server, e.g. [ExpenseController](/server/src/main/java/server/api/ExpenseController.java)

## Testing

### Unit Testing

Configurable Subclass: [TestEventRepository](/server/src/test/java/server/api/TestEventRepository.java)

Mockito: [SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest](/client/src/test/java/client/scenes/SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest.java)

### Indirection

[SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest](/client/src/test/java/client/scenes/SettleDebtsScreenCtrlTest.java), [EventControllerTest](/server/src/test/java/server/api/EventControllerTest.java)

### Endpoint Testing

[ParticipantControllerTest](/server/src/test/java/server/api/ParticipantControllerTest.java), [EventControllerTest](/server/src/test/java/server/api/EventControllerTest.java)

## Live Language Switch

## Detailed Expenses

## Open Debts

Payment instructions: available on the Settle Debts screen, accessible by pressing Settle Debts on the Event overview [(controller)](/client/src/main/java/client/scenes/SettleDebtsScreenCtrl.java)

Marking money as received: the Mark Received button next to debt instructions on the Settle Debts adds a new transfer expense settling a debt

Only see participants who owe money: only the generated minimum amount of transfers show up on the Settle Debts

Add bank accounts: fields are available when adding or editing participant information

Short summary and expandable/collapsable details: On the Settle Debts screen, transfer instructions are shown as a short X pays Y to Z instruction label, and a larger pane that can be opened by pressing the [>] button next to it

## Statistics

## Email Notification

## HCI

### Keyboard Shortcuts

### Keyboard Navigation

### Error Messages

### Informative Feedback

### Confirmation for Key Actions
