| Key | Value                           |
| --- |---------------------------------|
| Date: | 19/03/2024                      |
| Time: | 15:45 - 16:30                   |
| Location: | Drebbelweg PC Hall 1 'Backroom' |
| Chair | Kornel Łuszczyk                 |
| Minute Taker | Giorgos Christofi               |
| Attendees: | Everyone                        |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair **(1 min)**
- Check-in: How is everyone doing? **(1 min)**
	- all good
- Announcements by the team **(1 min)**
	- Last year theory heavy questions for the oral examination; This year it won’t be as theoretical (supposedly)
	- End of this week -> 	implemented features assignment (Based on reading comprehension)
	- HCI was good, no fail on color contrast
- Approval of the agenda & last week's minutes - Does anyone have any additions? **(1 min)**
- Announcements by the TA **(2 min)**
- Talking Points: (Inform/brainstorm/decision-making/discuss) **(*total* 30-35 min)**
1. Sprint review `[inform]` **(5 min)**
	Giorgos - applied styling to all classes and improved accessibility of the app. Hover over the toolkit; colors are changed -> took 7:30hr; fixed history reappearing
	Matei - made expenses editable, x button which deletes the expense (it didn’t work in the backhand, but now it works); implemented buttons for filtering the expenses and needs to integrate after websockets
	Iustin - delete events admin story, pop-ups, Listview for checkboxes
Maurice - Live action switch; Language indicator on start screen controller -> added UI component
Kornel - new screen for settle debts which only states how much each person owes, buttons will be implemented this week; Websockets -> each method also sends an update to the client; client side -> app state manager handles everything 
Glafkos -  added participant list ui, where you can edit/delete participants for a specific event
2. Unresolved GitLab issues from past weeks `[discuss]` **(2 min)**
Language selector indicator (solved)
EventList is in Descending order which should be Ascending 
Calculating money does not have a UI screen yet (Issue was changed from week 3 to 7)
Endpoints must be restful
3. Updates on websockets and long polling `[inform]` **(3 min)**
Websockets: 
Changes on one client instantly propagate to the other client (admin overview does not have websockets yet); 
Event is handled by the app state manager, which decides when the refresh method should be called -> needs to add implement simple refreshable for new controllers. 
(Should we deal with edge cases if not in the rubric?? - TA does not know); Start screen event title is not updated yet 
Long polling: 
Maybe we can implement it for the foreign currency feature
4. Product pitch `[brainstorm]` **(5 min)**
We need to verbally present the product 
Need a name for the application 
Make a script for the presentation or talk based on the presentation -> memorize the main points
Matei suggests making a video 
We can probably present the application live but we are not sure how it would work (maybe use a projector -> someone talks about the feature and someone else shows it)
5. Optional features `[decision-making]` **(5 min)**
Started working on live language switch (generation of empty template for other languages is not implemented yet -> we can try right to left iteration but we’ll see if there is time) and detailed expenses 
Iustin wants to create issues for the tags
Giorgos proposes working on the email notifications
We’ll discuss how we divide the optional features 
-What features are we going to prioritize?
-What has already been implemented?
6. Division of tasks `[discuss]` **(6 min)**
	Giorgos - will start working on configuring email credentials and the rest later
	Mate -i will finish the detailed expenses and a different feature maybe, lastly test1
	Iustin - write tests for delete event screen; First three user stories for the statistics; maybe work with pie charts
	Maurice - will finish generating empty templates for languages; give money from A to B
Kornel - update admin websockets (maybe take expense issues; remove duplicate code)
	Glafkos - add participant final details; also testing for past methods 
(TA recommends having over 50% test coverage)
7. Presentation of the current app to the TA `[inform]` **(5 min)**
attributes do not update if everything is deleted (implement error messages for HCI)
- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? **(2 min)**
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? **(1 min)**
	- maybe should’ve spent less time on the presentation so we would have had more time for questions
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you miss -estimate? **(1 min)**
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? **(3 min)**
	- how do we manage more participants with the same name: suggest modifying the name maybe, but allow them to do whatever
- Where does responsiveness of scenes fall into?
- potentially for HCI, not sure
- Does the admin view need to be synchronized or can we use a refresh button?
- Should time be tracked in the MR or in the issue?
	- time should be tracked in issues
- Is the product
	yes
- Closure **(1 min)**

We need to have add controller]
Issues splitting/merging in relation to time spent (asked question to teachers)



